Civil War has broken out in Venezuela as
the protests reach a whole new level
there is no telling how far this will go
but unfortunately this will not be
restored people are fed up with the
current government and have been rioting
and protesting for 3 months now vowing
to continue until Maduro takes a walk
the question is how long until we see
external intervention you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today we are going to have our focus on
Venezuela let's begin with the financial
side bets on Venezuelan default Are
Climbing as International Reserve slump
towards this $10 billion Mark amid
anti-government protests and the
president's push to rewrite the
Constitution this here is of course a
very unpopular move you have the general
population which is split here many many
many people want to get rid of mudo they
are whether you know what side you're on
you can see that the public will blame
the leader for what's happening that's
just the way it is doesn't matter what
country you live in and right now
obviously the turmoil that is going on
in Venezuela is one of the worst that we
have in the world and that is quite
unfortunate the implied probability of
the country missing a payment over the
next 12 months Rose to 50
56% in June and that is according to
everyone's favorite credit default
swaps when you remember the credit
default swaps this is what was the
trigger what was the Lynch pin for what
happened in Greece it was this that
officially really brought down Greece
and this is the type of financial
weapons that we
see they there could be any number of
reasons why a country could be taken
down but there are instruments in the
financial world like credit default
swaps which can be used specifically as
a weapon to take out a
country and unfortunately what we see in
Venezuela is so many different levels of
problems and that's really something
it's not just the commodity which they
export the most in this case oil is down
significantly in price and there is a
time in between that and a time when
that commodity you know goes back up in
price that they have some hard times
there is basically every problem that
could happen with a country is happening
right now in
Venezuela you've heard me talk about it
before you've probably seen the videos
and the Articles and everything else
where you see for yourself looting
violence protests they're trying to
overthrow the government they have the
uh absolving of the equivalent of your
Parliament or congress you
have violence that is going on people
can't even take a walk because they're
scared to leave their
homes everything is happening right now
in Venezuela I've been hearing from
people on the ground and the
continuation of this doesn't seem to
ever end Maduro who faced
who faced 3 months of violent protest
that have left almost 80 dead that they
know about has drastically cut Imports
of food and Medicine in order to
conserve the cash needed to pay Bond
holders with declining oil prices and
production I mean think about that for a
second oh you need food and Medicine um
unfortunately sorry not going to
happen just to interject for a moment
I'll probably Forget before the end of
the video two things that I believe
people should have are homemade or at
least a storage of some type of medicine
a lot of people like to keep colloidal
silver for
one you know that that's something that
I have personally I don't necessarily
tell people you know you should have
this but that's something that I have on
hand and of course food people need to
have seeds they need to have sprouting
seeds and they need to be growing their
own food if you all you have is a
balcony then you should be growing food
on that balcony if you live in a place
like me Toronto it's cold a lot of the
time it's too cold to grow crops you can
grow them indoors I assure you grow
Sprouts you can grow herbs indoors I
mean do what you can right that's what
the people of Venezuela need to be doing
right now if it's just a little small
amount it's going to help I assure you
so here we go that hasn't stopped a drop
in reserves which usually provide
investors with a certain degree of
assurance that the government will avoid
theault in the
shortterm and it's talking about the
liquidity problems that they have they
are in big trouble there's interest
payments that they need to pay they're
not going to happen ultimately they're
going to have to default or we're going
to see your chaos and that's just the
way it is I mean it's already terrible
Venezuela's reserves fall to a new
15-year low guess where it's going
everyone just take a guess you don't
need to be Jim Kramer you don't need to
be Janet Yellen Janet the beautiful
Yellen to figure out where this is going
I assure you you're going to have it
moving in this
direction it's just the way way it
is look at
this mob attacks Muro opponents as it
storms Venezuela's national
assembly all right there are paid
provocators there are all sorts of
people within the military you have
people that are on on both sides of the
equation all sides of the equation and
this is what you see you see it all time
violence taking place people fighting
each other people fighting the same side
people don't know what's happening
there's Friendly Fire there's all sorts
of things people are
dying because of what's Happening
they're not even factoring in I believe
things like starvation and everything
else I mean these 80 people are probably
just what has happened in the clashes
that have taken place this is not going
to get better I assure you it's going to
continue to escalate the hyperinflation
that they're experiencing there is
getting worse do you personally do you
know anybody that has faced
hyperinflation themselves firstand
experience well I have spoken with many
people over the years who have told me
about their experiences with
hyperinflation and it's exactly as I
describe to you and probably exactly
what you describe have read in in
different books we have seen people that
are just literally
all their savings
obliterated by this it's sad I
mean you
know I I have found it myself very hard
to you know to say any any words and
response to their comments about this I
mean this is something that
has it hurts people really badly I mean
you don't need
to think about that pretty hard I mean
just it's really bad it is terrible
what's happening in Venezuela is not
really getting covered much I mean we
did see a little bit of information but
the situation I assure you is still
going on it's getting worse that's why I
continuously cover this dozens of prover
activists stormed the into the grounds
of Venezuela's national assembly
Wednesday and attacked lawmakers leaving
several hurt and
bleeding so they came in broke through
the front gate set off
fireworks and basically start attacking
people this isn't the way to do it but
you know they're pushed to the edge so
at this point it doesn't matter there
are anti-government protests which are
taking place in this they're actually
suggesting that there's 91 people
killed I don't know what the real number
is it's probably a lot
higher what's happening in
Venezuela is simply
a foreshadowing of what we will see in
other cities it's just the way it is
karacus is going to be the foreshadowing
of a lot of cities out
there maybe not to the same degree but
hey why not you see what happens after
even
Sports matches that people are very
upset about I mean they burn buildings
down after their team loses sometimes
after their team
wins and imagine what would happen if
somebody can
eat well suddenly doesn't seem like
that's the case but hold on wait wait a
minute wait a minute the stock market in
Venezuela is doing well it's doing very
well in fact the stock market is going
into levels which would make the SNP
look very
silly so then what's the problem the
stock market is an indicator of the
booming health of an economy isn't it
well of course not of course that's
really not the
case brandishing guns and dressed in red
the activist fired shots through stones
and set off fireworks in the capital
building in karacas according to these
local reports you could see the walls
dripping in Blood and two opposition
politicians with blood running down
their faces it is getting violent people
are dying it's terrible what are we
going to do to fix this well I assure
you their outside intervention is
something that the people of Venezuela
many of them are looking forward to I
don't know if that's necessarily a good
thing because if you want a puppet
government of the US in Venezuela I
don't know if that's going to be any
better perhaps in the short term but I
don't know about the long term I'm
really scared about what's happening
there Switching gears look at what
everyone's favorite Mark Zucker Boer
recently said and that is the IDE idea
once again the idea of establishing a
form of basic income in the US he's
saying
look why why don't we do what's
happening with Alaska's Permanent Fund
dividend pulls the money from the
state's oil Revenue returns it to the
residents at the end of the year isn't
that
great
now I don't know where the money is
going to come from every time I read
about this I always see increased
taxation that is never a
solution taxation does not bring in more
money for people because you're taking
the money from people to give to the
people it's a very foolish system the
only problem is that when they take it
from you and it makes its way through
the different levels of government at
every single level more and more is
Stripped Away that's just the way it is
even if there's no corruption you're
bringing it through all the levels of
government there's Administration fees
there's people to pay there's there's
everything that's in there and that will
take from you I assure you this is just
something that I I think I have found it
to be
something
amazing texting on the Move turns your
walk into an ungainly lolop now the
article basically talks about the fact
that as people are typing on their
phones they're not paying attention so
they become more cautious as they walk
we seen people literally walk off cliffs
they go onto the road they get hit by
cars everything like this what I found
is that people are standing in the most
awkward spots they don't know what their
surroundings are that's that's what it
tells me I've seen people literally
facing like 2 in their face being 2 in
away from walls more than once I've seen
this I've seen people standing
essentially on the middle of the road I
have seen people that are thinking
they're at a red light unfortunately
there's about uh 20 cars behind them
honking and all sorts of things all
because people are texting now I'm not
telling you that you you know texting is
necessarily bad do whatever you want I
just think that it it's very funny the
way that things have really changed in a
very short period of time over the last
few years more people are focused on the
things that are not important in life
and this is just one example of that
all right if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
when you give me a thumbs up it pushes
these videos higher up into the YouTube
search rankings and if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative you can flip through the
books at Amazon the first book is about
the four asset classes talks about the
foundation talks about how to actually
profit the new book is a familiar
Concepts there but I also get into
things like tax incentives earning
income and how to become self-sufficient
so check that out at Amazon if you are
more interested in the audiobook version
you can check that out at themoney
gps.com just wanted to mention to you
that I have new t-shirts online so I
have four new t-shirts for you to check
out check this out for the fans the
money GPS I use the same font that I did
in my new book I think it's pretty cool
uh
unfortunately myself included as a
Canadian I can't even order my own shirt
the next time I go to the US I am going
to order all of my shirts and send them
to the hotel or wherever I'm staying for
whatever reason Amazon doesn't allow
shipping outside of the US at this time
for these type of shirts hopefully
they'll expand that soon but like I said
the next visit to the US I'm obviously
going to order my own shirts this is one
of them the money GPS I got in the fed
you asked for it you got it by the way
all of these shirts are available men
women and youth sizes and uh you can
check that out there different colors
are available uh five different colors
that's the Max uh so we got the End the
Fed and just for fun the kof we heard
about this with Donald Trump I think
it's just a little funny thing it's not
really anything serious if you want to
have a little Conversation Piece this is
a good shirt to wear for those who are
into Donald Trump or maybe you don't
like Donald Trump I don't really care
necessarily but I thought it was just
funny to create it and I made it with a
little fancy handwriting so that's
interesting there and last but not least
say no to GMO I had brought that shirt
out there so if you want to check these
shirts out if you're interested the they
have free returns at Amazon which I
thought was pretty cool you can see the
different sizes that they have and and
different colors and everything else so
you can check that out the link is in
the description of this
video and uh one interesting thing was
so I had these um I asked you what type
of t-shirts you would be interested in
and I did got Bitcoin literally the
words got Bitcoin with a question mark
and got gold question mark okay just
just text that's it and both of them
were rejected by Amazon I don't know if
that's the got milk campaign somehow has
copyright on that I don't understand how
that works anyway I thought it's
ridiculous that I can't even write those
words but regardless that's the way it
is stay tuned for more of these I think
it's pretty cool if you're interested
links are in the description take care